prompts: Add prompt for updating Go version (#17)
luno/.github: .github/prompts/go-version-update.prompt.md

---
mode: 'agent'
tools: ['search_repositories', 'get_pull_request', 'create_pull_request', 'update_pull_request', 'create_or_update_file', 'Codebase']
description: 'Bulk update Go version across all repositories in a GitHub organisation'
---

# Bulk Go Version Update Task

## Go Version Management Instructions

### Go Version Updates

- Always update to the latest patch version within a major.minor release.
- Preserve exact formatting and spacing in go.mod files.
- Ensure go.mod files end with a newline character.
- Only modify the `go` directive line, leave all other content unchanged.

> - Often there are unit tests in .github/workflows, these will need to be updated to use the new Go version as well. By specifying `1` we are targeting the latest version, which should be the version we are setting to. We should add the latest minor version before that too. e.g. if we are updating to `1.24.3`, we should set the workflow to use `'1.23, '1'` in the version matrix.

Author: This is a correct quote, as that is what we are setting the version to

---
mode: 'agent'
tools: ['search_repositories', 'get_pull_request', 'create_pull_request', 'update_pull_request', 'create_or_update_file', 'Codebase']
description: 'Bulk update Go version across all repositories in a GitHub organisation'
---

# Bulk Go Version Update Task

## Go Version Management Instructions

### Go Version Updates

- Only update the go directive if the major.minor version is being updated (e.g., from 1.23.x to 1.24.x).
- Do not apply patch-level updates if the major.minor version is unchanged.
- Preserve exact formatting and spacing in go.mod files.
- Ensure go.mod files end with a newline character.
- Only modify the `go` directive line, leave all other content unchanged.

> - Often there are unit tests in .github/workflows, these will need to be updated to use the new Go version as well. By specifying `1` we are targeting the latest version, which should be the version we are setting to. We should add the latest minor version before that too. e.g. if we are updating to `1.24.3`, we should set the workflow to use `'1.23', '1'` in the version matrix.

Author: ```suggestion
- Often there are unit tests in .github/workflows, these will need to be updated to use the new Go version as well. By specifying `1` we are targeting the latest version, which should be the version we are setting to. We should add the latest minor version before that too. e.g. if we are updating to `1.24.3`, we should set the workflow to use `'${previousMinorVersion}', '1'` in the version matrix.
```

---
mode: 'agent'
tools: ['search_repositories', 'get_pull_request', 'create_pull_request', 'update_pull_request', 'create_or_update_file', 'Codebase']
description: 'Bulk update Go version across all repositories in a GitHub organisation'
---

# Bulk Go Version Update Task

## Go Version Management Instructions

### Go Version Updates

- Only update the go directive if the major.minor version is being updated (e.g., from 1.23.x to 1.24.x).
- Do not apply patch-level updates if the major.minor version is unchanged.
- Preserve exact formatting and spacing in go.mod files.
- Ensure go.mod files end with a newline character.
- Only modify the `go` directive line, leave all other content unchanged.
- Often there are unit tests in .github/workflows, these will need to be updated to use the new Go version as well. 
  - By specifying `1` we are targeting the latest version, which should be the version we are setting to. 
  - We should add the latest minor version before that too, so we should set the workflow to use `'${previousMinorVersion}', '1'` in the version matrix.

> 

Author: This isn't right, `1` matches the latest major + minor version, so we want to keep that
